Module 10 (#11)
HenryRiddallWork/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

The `.env` file is used by flask to set environment variables when running `flask run`. This enables things like development mode (which also enables features like hot reloading when you make a file change). There's also a [SECRET_KEY](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/config/#SECRET_KEY) variable which is used to encrypt the flask session cookie.

> You must also populate the MONGO_XXXXX variables with your own API key, token and board Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also populate the MONGO_XXXXX variables with your Mongo account connection string, database and collection names.
```
